Sledgehammer Hamal senator said I want to be order this me.
Hello guys.
And welcome back to new tutorial.
A mobile operating system and this time I'm going to talk about our city.
So you may wonder what is our city and how is important which cases we can use it.
So basically imagine that you have a new Hodler.
Imagine that you have for example new sensor or new actuator or any kind of device that you want to
Rusticus system.
In this case you are going to face two situations whether this hardware already has or has driver and
this means that it is already supported by Ross.
So in this case you can connect it to us ecosystem around the driver and then you can get all the information
coming from the hard work and then processing it using a robot operating system.
It's possible for example you can buy a new laser scanner for example you use a scanner or actually
be camera like a light or unit and they are already supported in robot operating system so you don't
have to worry about all the problems of how to interface with them how to get data in your programs
because the drivers are already built for them.
However if you have another hardware that does not support trust and that you want to use it with a
robot operating system and this is where we have problems.
So in this case we are in front of two different situations that we need to develop our own drivers.
And this is actually time consuming and very tedious operation takes a lot of time and you know actually
you need to develop your own interfaces and the message exchange between robot operating system and
between the hardware itself.
So this is actually time consuming.
I remember one time I had the project director great sense of no.
That is that they lost the sense of note and we went through a very long process in order to be able
to integrate the sensor into a robot operating system we had to develop.
We had to develop the driver in C and then create a particular message type or the sensors in interface
and finally publish it into the Ross eco system so it was a little bit a long process.
So fortunately there is a framework already provide a very important framework that solves this problem
and it's called diversity.
So what is it or said here it is basically a protocol that was designed in order to communicate between
us and new hardware.
Of course there are different types of hardware that are supported by serial I'm going to present them.
But basically it allows the integration of microcontrollers and embedded systems with ours for example
imagine that you have agreeno microcontroller which you have attached some sensors and you would like
to access the sensor information or the sensor data coming through the Alino microcontroller.
So this set here in this case can play around.
There are different types of embedded devices like in belet Linux and other microcontroller boards.
So instead of defining yourself the hardware drivers the message serialization and all the communication
protocol everything was already done in Syria and this week simply fight a lot the integration of these
new hardware into the Ross ecosystem.
So basically Rosetti allows new electronic hardware that actually talked to us system natively.
It means you can't even run a command inside the hardware itself and you do not need to develop your
custom drivers and communication protocols which is basically time consuming.
Also a silly protocol that Rupp's standard serialized messages and multiplexers multiple topics and
services over a character device such as a serial port or a network socket.
So this means resetting provides or the necessary method serialization to be exchanged between the raw
system running in your embedded device and also the Rustico system that is running on your computer
machine.
Of course all of serial can be applied to a certain number of embedded devices not any kind.
There is a general a serial client library.
OK.
And this is the general client side processing implementation that was designed for general microcontrollers
and can run only on a processor for which you have an ANSI C++ compiler and a serial port connection
to a computer running gross.
So basically we can use our serial client for any kind of microcontroller with the condition that it
has the C++ compiler but also there are specific or serial class libraries for particular embedded systems.
For example there is a cellular plant level before and and call what a said in Arduino.
There is rostering for embedded Linux that is Rosselli are also for Windows platforms or embed dieback
SDN 32 and DC.
So these are the main embedded system platforms that have their proper serial killer and libraries in
this area.
We're going to present what our city arguido.
So I'm going to show you the full process on how to install Larousse on an audio system and how to connect
it to us ecosystem that is running on your computer.
On the other side we need to have interfaces in the computer the machine that is running the main road
ecosystem.
So this is actually the architecture.
You have a new microcontroller lets you have an hour window and we have also a computer that is running
GROSS And then you connect using a cellular connection.
The system to the computer.
OK.
So we're going to install Arduino into the microcontroller so that we can run our comments inside for
example we can run publisher recombined subscriber.
I'm going to show you different examples on how to download psyllium Reno in an arena system and on
the other side we must have a special note that will actually make the interface between what I said
Arduino and trust ecosystem.
So this serial Python is a Python based implementation.
It's going to be like a server running into a computer machine that is going to receive all the messages
coming from a serial Arduino.
A city like application.
And then we relay them with remaining Rustico system in the same way.
There is also an agreement in C++ implementation which can also be used Rosetti server which has some
limitations as compared to history of Python but it is recommended for high performance applications
so basically them must be commanded cross-city an interface is all serial by them it's easy to use and
it will represent like a gateway between the embedded system device and also the rest system.
So just to summarize or cereal is a protocol that allows the communication between imbedded devices
and Rustico system.
So basically in the embed device that you can program in a C language we're going to install a library
for example in case of Urbino you're going to generate or a celebrity specifically for our systems and
you are going to integrate it into the Arduino integrated development environment.
And then we will have the restoration Arduino that will be running on this device that will be able
to publish messages.
OK which will be received by the recipient by phone which is a local server running an ecosystem that
will receive the messages and then dispatch them to the remaining ecosystem.
This is the general architecture of our Sariel applications in the next video.
I'm going to provide a brief overview about the original technology and then I'm going to illustrate
two examples how to proceed a Arduino and how to communicate and Arduino device with a robot operating
system.
So let's get started.